ライセンス
############

vscode-reStructuredText
***********************

  MIT License

  Copyright (c) 2021 Tatsuya Nakamori

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
  copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
  SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

License for Sphinx
*******************

  Copyright (c) 2007-2021 by the Sphinx team (see AUTHORS file).
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
  met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
  A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
  HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
  OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


組込ソフトウェアのライセンス(Sphinx)
====================================

The included smartypants module, included as sphinx.util.smartypants,
is available under the following license::

    SmartyPants license

    Copyright (c) 2003 John Gruber
    (https://daringfireball.net/projects/smartypants/)
    All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    are met:

    *   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    *   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
        disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
        provided with the distribution.

    *   Neither the name "SmartyPants" nor the names of its
        contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
        derived from this software without specific prior written
        permission.

    This software is provided by the copyright holders and
    contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties,
    including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
    merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are
    disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright owner or contributors
    be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
    exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
    to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
    data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on
    any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or
    tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
    the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of
    such damage.


smartypants.py license::

    smartypants.py is a derivative work of SmartyPants.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    are met:

    *   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    *   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
        disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
        provided with the distribution.

    This software is provided by the copyright holders and
    contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties,
    including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
    merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are
    disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright owner or contributors
    be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
    exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
    to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
    data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on
    any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or
    tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
    the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of
    such damage.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The included JQuery JavaScript library is available under the MIT license::

  Copyright (c) 2008 John Resig, https://jquery.com/

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The included Underscore JavaScript library is available under the MIT license::

  Copyright (c) 2009 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
  obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
  files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
  restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
  copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
  Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
  conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
  OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
  HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The included implementation of NumpyDocstring._parse_numpydoc_see_also_section
was derived from code under the following license::

  Copyright (C) 2008 Stefan van der Walt <stefan@mentat.za.net>, Pauli Virtanen <pav@iki.fi>

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
  met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
      the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
      distribution.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
  INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
  SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
  STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
  IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

License for TeX Live
*********************

$Id: LICENSE.TL 52869 2019-11-20 02:36:55Z karl $

COPYING CONDITIONS FOR TeX Live:

To the best of our knowledge, all software in the TeX Live distribution
is freely redistributable (libre, that is, not necessarily gratis),
within the Free Software Foundation's definition and the Debian Free
Software Guidelines.  Where the two conflict, we generally follow the
FSF.  If you find any non-free files included, please contact us
(references given at the end).

That said, TeX Live has neither a single copyright holder nor a single
license covering its entire contents, since it is a collection of many
independent packages.  Therefore, you may copy, modify, and/or
redistribute software from TeX Live only if you comply with the
requirements placed thereon by the owners of the respective packages.

To most easily learn these requirements, we suggest checking the TeX
Catalogue at: https://ctan.org/tex-archive/help/Catalogue/ (or any
CTAN mirror).  Of course the legal statements within the packages
themselves are the final authority.

In some cases, TeX Live is distributed with a snapshot of the CTAN
archive, which is entirely independent of and separable from TeX Live
itself.  (The TeX Collection DVD is one example of this.)  Please be
aware that the CTAN snapshot contains many files which are *not* freely
redistributable; see LICENSE.CTAN for more information.

To state explicitly what is implied by the above: Because TeX Live is
free software, there is no warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


GUIDELINES FOR REDISTRIBUTION:

In general, you may redistribute TeX Live, with or without modification,
for profit or not, according to the usual free software tenets.  Here
are some general guidelines for doing so:

- If you make any changes to the TeX Live distribution or any
  package it contains, besides complying with any licensing requirements,
  you must prominently mention such changes in your modified distribution
  so that users do not take your work for ours, and know to contact you,
  not us, in case of questions or problems.  A new top-level file
  README.<yourwork> is a good place to describe the general situation.

- Especially (but not necessarily) if changes or additions are made, we
  recommend a clearly different title, such as "<your work> DVD, based on
  TeX Live YYYY", where YYYY is the release year of TeX Live you are
  using.  This credits both our work and yours.

- You absolutely may *not* place your own copyright on the entire
  distribution, since it is not your work.  Statements such as "all rights
  reserved" and "may not be reproduced" are especially reprehensible,
  since they are antithetical to the free software principles under which
  TeX Live is produced.

- You may use any cover or media label designs that you wish.  Such
  packaging and marketing details are not covered by any TeX Live license.

- Finally, we make the following requests (not legal requirements):

a) Acknowledging that TeX Live is developed as a joint effort by all TeX
   user groups, and encouraging the user/reader to join their user group
   of choice, as listed on the web page https://tug.org/usergroups.html.

b) Referencing the TeX Live home page: https://tug.org/texlive/

Such information may be placed on the label of your media, your cover,
and/or in accompanying text (for instance, in the acknowledgements
section of a book).

Finally, although it is again not a requirement, we'd like to invite any
redistributors to make a donation to the project, whether cash or
in-kind, for example via https://www.tug.org/donate/dev.html.  Thanks.


If you have any questions or comments, *please* contact us.  In general,
we appreciate being given the chance to review any TeX Live-related
material in advance of publication, simply to avoid mistakes.  It is
much better to correct text on a CD label or in a book before thousands
of copies are made!

We are also happy to keep anyone planning a publication informed as to
our deadlines and progress.  Just let us know.  However, be aware that
TeX Live is produced entirely by volunteers, and no dates can be
guaranteed.


LICENSING FOR NEW PACKAGES:

Finally, we have been asked what license to use for new work.  To be
considered for inclusion on TeX Live, a package must use a free software
license, such as the LaTeX Project Public License, the GNU General
Public License, the modified BSD license, etc.  (Please use an existing
license instead of making up your own.)  Furthermore, all sources must
be available, including for documentation files.  Please see
https://tug.org/texlive/pkgcontrib.html for more information, and other
considerations.

Thanks for your interest in TeX.

- Karl Berry, for the TeX Live project

------------------------------------------------------------

TeX Live mailing list: https://lists.tug.org/tex-live
TeX Live home page:    https://tug.org/texlive/

The FSF's free software definition:  http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html
Debian Free Software Guidelines:     http://www.debian.org/intro/free
FSF commentary on existing licenses: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html

LPPL: http://latex-project.org/lppl.html or texmf-dist/doc/latex/base/lppl.txt
LPPL rationale: texmf-dist/doc/latex/base/modguide.pdf

------------------------------------------------------------

$Id: LICENSE.CTAN 2212 2006-09-28 16:31:42Z karl $

COPYING CONDITIONS FOR CTAN SNAPSHOT:

A snapshot of the Comprehensive TeX Archive Network (CTAN) holdings is
taken from time to time and distributed on physical media.  It may be
bundled with the TeX Live system, or distributed separately.

In any case, the licensing conditions of the packages in the CTAN
snapshot vary widely.  In particular (and in contrast to TeX Live), not
all the software meets free software or open source criteria: some are
available only as binaries, others have restrictions on commercial
resale, and so on.

Furthermore, the creators of the CTAN snapshot have explicitly received
permission from some authors of software to include their material; this
software is in the ctan/nonfree/ subdirectory.  (The nonfree area on the
CTAN servers, http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/nonfree, contains much
more software that is not included here.)  This permission does not
extend to any redistributors; you yourself must also contact such
authors with regards to your own distribution, or refrain from including
such software.

Thus, when redistributing the CTAN snapshot, you must be very careful
that you are not violating any license conditions.  Since each situation
is different, we cannot offer any general advice.

To learn redistribution requirements, of course the licensing
information within the packages themselves is the final authority.  For
aggregate information, we suggest checking the TeX Catalogue:
http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/help/Catalogue/catalogue.html (or any
CTAN mirror).  The Catalogue is also included in the CTAN snapshot in
ctan/help/Catalogue, but the online version will have updates.

You may also find the CTAN Search by License page helpful in this
regard: http://tug.ctan.org/cgi-bin/searchByLicense.py

If you believe any files have been included erroneously, please contact
us (references are given below).

If you have any questions or comments, please contact us.
Thanks for your interest in TeX.

CTAN maintainers mailing list: ctan@dante.de
CTAN home page: http://www.ctan.org/

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

その他、サードパーティ製ライブラリのライセンス
**********************************************

::

  https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/master/extensions/python/syntaxes
  MIT License
  Copyright (c) 2015 - present Microsoft Corporation

  https://github.com/MagicStack/MagicPython/blob/master/grammars/MagicPython.tmLanguage
  MIT License
  Copyright (c) 2015-present MagicStack Inc.  http://magic.io

  https://github.com/vscode-restructuredtext/vscode-restructuredtext/tree/master/snippets
  reStructuredText for Visual Studio Code
  MIT License
  Copyright (c) Lex Li

  https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx
  sphinx
  BSD License (BSD)
  See also the LICENSE_Sphinx file.

  https://github.com/microsoft/vscode
  vscode
  MIT License
  Copyright (c) 2015 - present Microsoft Corporation

  https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-extension-samples
  vscode-extension-samples
  MIT License
  Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation
  All rights reserved.


  https://github.com/readthedocs/sphinx_rtd_theme
  sphinx_rtd_theme
  The MIT License (MIT)
  Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Dave Snider, Read the Docs, Inc. & contributors
